hiya SC Michelle and today i am doing a
hair update video so from november to
the end of december i had a full i had a
partial sew in extensions and i reuse my
bobbi boss ocean wave here along with
pieces of boheme here or bohemian hair
um so I had it in for about two months
and I really loved it but it was time
for it to come out and I wanted to start
to do more with my hair like I want to
start to wear it to naturally curly and
I've been looking into many products and
everything like that to use for my
naturally curly hair but now get to that
later so this is just a hair update
video so I have my hair right now in a
cute little clip and this is and just
the rest of the doubt in the back um I
this is a cute little style you can wear
especially for those with greasy hair or
thick hair or thin hair just depend it
back grab a little clip like this and
pin it back okay so we're going to do a
little test and whatever i'll have
pictures on the site of comparisons of
my hair this is just showing you where
it's at and I've gotten my ends clips
which I'm really happy about it looks
fairly even um so I'll show you the back
as well um so hopefully you guys can
notice the spot in the back is catching
up so the spine the back is catching up
and I'm really really really really
happy about that
I'm still doing the regular things
biotin the centrum vitamin water try to
eat my green leafy vegetables but you
know I'm not perfect I fall off
sometimes when it comes to the water and
the great leafy vegetables that gets a
place with pop and patron kidding ha so
this is my hair and it's been about a
four week I got my hair done on New
Year's Eve today is January sixth and
you can see how greasy my hair is and
when I tell you I haven't put a out of
anything in my hair I have not so I just
have naturally greasy hair where you
know if I don't wash it once a week then
it's going to be greasy so I just think
it's my hair texture the grade of my
hair that causes my hair just to get
really greasy and oily for absolutely no
reason like I put nothing in here guys
and it is a little greaseball like it's
hardly any movement I can't really shake
and I have to put in work and look sure
Curt in order for it to work so in order
for my hair to move so yeah so this is a
here a little update
okay so here's a side view of my hair
this is the other side view so yeah I'm
trying you guys to grow this hair out I
really am this little patch in the back
is catching up I'm just so excited okay
you guys sought to see comparison
pictures go to see Michelle styles the
doc calm and I hope you guys all have a
marvelous day a deal spells
you